you
I am back and I am here to do a tutorial
for y'all inspired by the colors of fall
I today I'm using makeup caked shadows
and i think one lorac I shadow but I did
just recently purchase a bunch of naked
cake shadows i ordered 11 of them and i
am really liking them so what i thought
i would do to tour while using these
colors so yeah let's get into the
tutorial and I hope you like it okay so
i have already prime my eyelids and i
use the rocks behind the scenes my
primer next I'm going to be taking
makeup geeks chickadee and I'm going to
be taking that on a flat brush like this
and I'm going to pack that on my eyelid
next I'm going to be using my other rock
pro and I'm going to take the color
bronze and I'm just going to lightly
press that on top of the chickadee I'm
going to use a makeup geeks creme brulee
as a trim just transition color and I'm
going to take that on a fluffy brush
like this
next I'm going to be teaching cocoa bear
orangi red Brown and I'm going to bring
that a little bit lower into the crease
and you want to just keep blending that
till you can't tell where the two colors
are split
okay next I'm going to be taking makeup
geek spittin and I'm gonna be taking
back on the don't brush very lightly
just a little bit I'm gonna bring that
in deep to the crease
I'm going to take the fluffy brush again
and i'm just going to blend it
all right next I'll be taking makeup
geeks loca and also I'm going to bring
that into the crease
and then this last color my makeup geek
is corrupt and it is a very black
eyeshadow and I'm just gonna I guess
define my crease
so I'm just going to blend it very like
a little bit just a little bit
and next I will just be taking bitten
under my lash line
and then I'm going to take mocha
and we're that on top
next I will be lining my waterline with
a black pencil
I'm going to take this light powder
foundation and I'm just going to use
that as a highlight under my brow bone
and only inner corners of my eye I'm
going to bring out my eyes for my liner
now applying a coat of mascara to the
top and bottom lashes I don't know where
my eyelashes no give it okay so i put on
my false eyelashes and this is what the
eyeshadows end up looking like after
everything is put together are thinking
they are perfect colors for fall maybe
they go fall leaves I thought of this
hook last night and then I just decided
to do tutorial friel so I would really
recommend that check out makeup geek
eyeshadows Marlena did a great job and
I'm creating affordable get good quality
eyeshadows I'd really really like them
and I can't wait to get the rest also I
used this lip gloss it's just an LA
colors of glass that I are lipstick that
i got from family dollar and this is
what the color looks like
and watch on my hand really quick and
this is in the color natural so if your
round of how my daughter even you see it
and if you did like this video please
give it a thumbs up and subscribe and I
thank you very much for watching I will
be talking to your very very soon
you